getting started with web3 doc (#101)
oasislabs/docs: src/web3-intro.md

# Getting Started with Web3

## Summary

This document will walk you through how to use Web3 on Oasis, including how to connect your Web3-enabled wallet and interact with smart contracts through Web3. 
For tutorials on deploying contracts on Web3, visit our other docs ([Solidity](./tutorials/deploy-solidity.md) and [Vyper](./tutorials/deploy-vyper.md)). 

- [Intro to Web3](#intro-to-web3)
- [Connecting Wallets](#connecting-wallets)
- [Getting Funded](#getting-funded)
- [Connecting to Oasis.js](#connecting-to-oasis.js)

## Intro to Web3

[Web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.2.0/web3-eth.html) is a Javascript module used by many Ethereum developers to deploy and interact with deployed smart contracts on various Ethereum networks. 

> The Oasis network fully supports Web3 interactions, so you can use it to deploy your contracts (read the docs for deploying [Solidity](./tutorials/deploy-solidity.md) and [Vyper](./tutorials/deploy-vyper.md) contracts) and interact with them. 

Reviewer: I would add that oasis supports web3 **but** web3 cannot exploit the privacy and confidentiality preserving guarantees of the oasis platform. For that, the user can use our rust library

Most wallets will tell you your mnemonic or private key when you first create your account, and/or give you an option to view it later.
Check your wallet provider's docs to see what options you have.

Here is an example with a private key, represented as a string (no need to make it a `Buffer`). 
Note that your private key should not have the '0x' in front. 

```js
// single private key
const priv_key = '...';
let provider = new HDWalletProvider(priv_key, URL);

// multiple private keys
const private_keys = ['...', '...', '...']
const num_keys = 3;
let provider = new HDWalletProvider(private_keys, URL, 0, num_keys); 
```

## Getting Funded

Our faucet is now deprecated. 
The best way to get funded is to email <support@oasislabs.com> with your public address. 

## Connecting to Oasis.js

[`oasis.js`](https://oasis-labs-oasis-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/index.html) is our version of Web3, a Javascript SDK for building applications on top of Oasis platform services. 
In `oasis.js`, you use a `wallet` and a `gateway`, similarly to how you needed a `MNEMONIC` and `URL` in Web3. 

> Once you've deployed contracts or sent transactions on an Oasis network via `Web3` or `oasis.js`, everything is accessible from either endpoint. 

Reviewer: can you add a tutorial link to using oasis.js?

const HDWalletProvider = require('truffle-hdwallet-provider');
const Tx = require('ethereumjs-tx').Transaction;
```
**Connecting to Local Oasis Chain:** Initializing the HD Wallet provider requires a seed phrase (or mnemonic) from which it extracts your accounts (private keys and public addresses). 
It also requires a URL to create a connection through which all communication to the network will be done. 

> To connect to your local `oasis chain`, use `'http://localhost:8545'` and the menmonic provided to you there. 

Reviewer 2: `mnemonic`

const provider = new HDWalletProvider(MNEMONIC, URL);
```

> **Connecting to Oasis Devnet:** To connect to the Oasis devnet, use the link `'wss://web3.devnet.oasiscloud.io/ws'`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Connecting to Oasis Devnet:** To connect to the Oasis Devnet, use the link `wss://web3.devnet.oasiscloud.io/ws`. 
```

You will likely want to connect your own account; do this by providing your mnemonic (if you're using an HD wallet), private key, or array of private keys.

> Unforunately, the [Oasis Dashboard](https://dashboard.oasiscloud.io) accounts are not compatible with Web3. 

Reviewer 2: You can remove the "Unforunately" (sic).

## Getting Funded

> Our faucet is now deprecated. 

Reviewer 2: good catch
